docs: add lib.bundle/format/autoExtension doc (#371)
web-infra-dev/rslib: website/docs/en/config/lib/auto-extension.mdx

- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `true`

Whether to automatically set the file extension based on the [`format`](/config/lib/format) option in the JavaScript output files.

> ## Default Extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Default extension
```

Author: I think markdown heading should be capitalized

Reviewer: H1 shoud, others might not. It varies, I think we can simply follow Rsbuild.

Author: I just talked to them, Rsbuild use capitalized headings but they do not follow it in every doc, we just need to unify the use in exact one markdown file, all capitalized or all not. For simple two words, I prefer to use capitalized headings.

Reviewer: I'm OK with both, just make it unified.

By default that when `autoExtension` is set to `true`, the file extension will be:

- `.js` with `esm` format and `.cjs` with `cjs` format when `type: module` in `package.json`.

- `.js` with `cjs` format and `.mjs` with `esm` format when `type: commonjs` or no `type` field in `package.json`.

:::warning

> When [`bundle`](/config/lib/bundle) is set to `false` that as known as bundleless mode, you should write full path instead of ignoring main file in source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When [bundle](/config/lib/bundle) is set to `false` that as known as bundleless mode, you should write full path instead of ignoring directory indexes (e.g. `'./startup/index.js'`) in source code.
```

When a link is wrapped by code, the link underline will show in an inline code, which is weird. I checked Rsbuild's doc and found it doesn't wrap within code. We should follow that.

Reviewer: And, should this section be moved to `bundle` or leave it in `auto-extension`? it's not relevant to extension IMO.

Author: Since we do not add `redirect.autoExtension`, I write here to do a stash.

Reviewer: should `redirect.autoExtension` handle directory indexes?

Author: It is related to `resolve.mainFiles`, maybe need a `redirect.mainFiles` option
